https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BbAKMD8o3iA
EDITING
Haggling for a car is easy. You don't. Here is the process to use.
Step 1- Go to first dealer and find the vehicle you want to buy. Tell the salesman you want his best out-the-door price (this includes tax, title, everything) for the vehicle and that you will be paying cash. Only ever talk about the out-the-door price. When he brings you the out-the-door price, ask him if he can go $1000 lower. Whether he can or not, now tell him that you are going to his competing dealers around the area and if he has the best price then you will be back or call him to beat his competitors.
Step 2 - Go to another dealer and ask them the same thing, then take $1,000 off the previous dealers price and tell them that this is the price they have to beat from their competitor. If they can't beat it, then say thanks and walk away. If they can beat or match it, then tell them you are still shopping around and going to another competitor to see if they can beat them.
Step 3 - Repeat Step 2 for all the dealers in about a 4-5 hour radius around where you live.
Eventually you will get the bottom price that any dealer can offer you because saleman will start making comments to you like, "They can't sell you that car for that price. They are lying to you." Tell the salesman that if the other dealer is lying then you will be back to purchase the car. 
I have done this with every car I have owned. My last vehicle purchase was a new Subaru Forester. The MSRP was $32,500 (not including tax, title, etc.). The first dealer's out-the-door price was $30,000. I took the car home for $25,000 after visiting 5 dealers around the Tampa & Orlando areas. We also financed the car and never planned to pay cash for it. When the saleman asked about me saying I was gonna pay cash, I just told him I changed my mind. This only works for new cars, but I have been doing this for about 10 years now for myself and my close friends. Saleman will be frustrated and mad at you all day, because in the end, they think the other dealers are out bidding them, but really you are just the one in control without them knowing. I was taught this technique years ago by a sales manager at Mazda that was a friend of my dads.
